Welcome to Implementing and Operating AWS Machine Learning Solutions,
and this is the module AWS Machine Learning Services.
But before we dive too deep into what we're going to be covering in this module,
let's take a step back and let's look at the AWS Machine
Learning Specialty Certification exam.
So let's look at those objectives for the exam.
First of all, we have data engineering,
and this covers things like creating data repositories and
looking at data ingestion and data transformation.
Then, we have exploratory data analysis, and this covers items
like sanitizing and preparing your data,
doing feature engineering, and looking to analyze and visualize your
data. Following that, we have modeling, and modeling is where you
learn how to take business problems and make them into machine
learning problems that you can solve.
You learn how to select the appropriate model for what you're doing, you
train your models, and you look at hyperparameter optimization and overall
just evaluation of your machine learning models.
Now all of these three objectives have been covered
by previous courses in this path,
so we're not going to be covering these items. And I'm expecting that you're
walking in with an understanding of these three objectives.
Now what we're going to be focused on is we're going to be focused on
machine learning implementation and operations. And this means we're
going to be looking at understanding how to build fault‑tolerant and
highly available machine learning solutions.
We're going to learn how to look at the entire suite of services that AWS
provides and try to determine which ones fit our use case.
We're also going to look at how we apply security
best practices and, ultimately,
how we deploy and operationalize our machine learning models.
So how are we going to do that?
Well, in this initial module,
we're going to be focused at examining the suite of services that are
provided for machine learning on AWS, and this is going to include things
like data ingestion and transformation services.
And even though we have already talked about that within this path,
we're going to be doing a focus here within this module on
understanding use cases and how that drives what you select. We'll
also be reviewing the different AI services for the same reason. We
want to be able to understand that, given a use case,
how we can take these AI services and integrate them into our workflow.
We're then going to be exploring the different services that are provided
in Amazon SageMaker. And then ultimately, we'll also be identifying other
compute approaches besides SageMaker that you can use for your machine learning workflows on AWS.